**Technology Strategy Planning-20260211_090838-Meeting Recording**

11 February 2026, 04:08pm

22m 4s

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image002.jpg)**John Carpenter** started transcription

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   0:03  
but instead you're getting the recording from this point in for it.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image006.jpg)**Kim Poley**   0:05  
Yeah.  
They wouldn't be surprised by me.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   0:13  
Uh...  
I'll have to fill them in later on the cat updates for him. So same sort of process. We want to keep this into a regular sort of flow based upon what we were talking last time. We want to get more of this presentation and this discussion into what do we need to change. And then here's what's done and here's the KPIs for it.  
So what we weren't doing in the past was those KPIs. That's my goal for the next week for it as well. I'll try to pull up some of them as we sit now and to work into them. And so that'll go into the regular sort of flow. So we talked a little bit last week about the build plan.  
run model for it as well. We're going to break our KPIs up into those three and then use those KPIs to report on how well things are going. Generally, we want upwards and then downwards on the expenses on a regular flow for it. So as long as where our KPIs are managing that one, we know the three things are operating properly.  
And we're getting there. So remaining work on the cloud migration progress. The team is all dedicated towards making sure this is all cleaned up on the cloud migration. The performance on the file mapping, Joanne, your ticket is throwing a whole lot of loops into the system for it. So we're tracking down how that gets.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   1:20  
Keesey.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   1:37  
done for it. This is a good question on why it should be slower. They've upped the storage capacity for it. I'm not sure it is. Somebody.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   1:46  
What's the, are we pre, like, are we Azure file standard or premium?

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   1:53  
That specific one that you're talking about, the LEDA is halfway over, the other half on the longer file systems are running on our own sort of server for it. So that could be part of the issue. So.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   2:01  
Okay.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   2:05  
As much as I want them to resolve this one, moving over to the Azure files is going to be the way to go. Eventually, the long term for it, to resolve that one. He being Tyler may reach out to you to ask you specific questions. I asked him to say solve the easy problems first. Like if it's your laptop or your spreadsheet.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   2:11  
Mhm.  
Hundred percent.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   2:26  
solve those problems before trying to resolve the other one. We do know ultimately moving over to Azure files will work. So we may have, he may have you move the file from where it's sitting now into the leader drive for it and see if that resolves it. If that does, then we know where the problem is sitting for it. If not, this one I'll.  
continue to spin around for them. Files long term, we should really be considering on the build portion to make that move over into SharePoint. It's cheaper, it's faster, it's easier. Storage now accounts for about 40% of our spend. It may be at one time because we're moving a lot of data around for it.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   3:07  
Mm.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   3:08  
So the file mapping on the performance, that's a big one because that could escalate into a larger problem. So working on that. We're going to lots of operational portions. The big ones are backups and monitoring that have to get placed. Those are their two big priorities for it as well. Stuff is being backed up now. We just want to make sure that's kind of in an automated cycle.  
and it's not being overly onerous to the system for it. We don't want to manually do backups for it as well. And we are working on the support structure that is less technical and more organisational in its regard for it. What is WBM responsible for and what are we responsible for?  
Decommissioning of the data centre is continuing. Curtis is away now, but WBM is handling most of the data centre shutdown. Shutdown test went fine. Data centre has been shut down for a couple days now. Nobody seems to notice, so that's good. That means we've made that transition without a lot of screaming and yelling.  
So the last little piece is just clean up on that regards, hate the walls and get the damage deposit back.  
Type of thing for it.  
Now we're going to break it down into the three sort of operational areas, plan, build, and run. Plan is about the smallest one of the three, and it'll always likely be the smallest one, accounts for about maybe 10% of the work for them. We do have to do data governance and planning. And when I put waiting on the SOW, this is not

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   4:37  
Ohh.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   4:41  
Essentially, Jot can provide Curtis W. for this one. His focus will be on making sure the cloud's already done. He's a senior cloud person. I'd like his sort of resources on that one. So if the data governance seems to be dragging her feet, it's because I don't want to pull him in too many directions and distract from the work that he's doing.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   4:48  
Yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   5:02  
Other than that, we're doing the IRAP shred support. We're meeting Thursday with the shred team. I actually have an event that evening where I'll be talking to some IRAP people. We need to see if we can work around the Amy problem for it as well. And this may...  
Be if you contract Jot, Jot's got an Alberta IRAP representative for it as well, but we'll see how that works for him.  
I didn't mention the company name or anything else, but I am part of a larger CTO group in Alberta for it. And they suggested some different courses of action is the best way to put it.  
to be able to get that done for.  
This portion's old. We're not doing that one for him. The build portion, we're still working on scoping this one, these portions out. The first sort of target that we're hitting is this enter ID migrations forum. That's the work that's ongoing. So that's what Brian's doing now for him. The outcome of this one is what we really want to do on the build side is minimise  
the DC work. And additionally, I think we may have some problems between users logging into one system and not logged into the other one. And this is what's causing a lot of those word sort of issues for it. That's the only one really on the plate now. Other than that, their focus is mostly on bug fixes, cleanups, and tickets.  
On the support side, for Kim, I...

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   6:29  
Quick question, John. How much time is Bryan getting to actually sit down and consciously work on?  
Uh, the central ID migration.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   6:43  
It's actually not too bad for it. The problem is on the support side, and I think this is something we need to identify, is those support tickets are all getting resolved quite quickly. So if we look at, I guess we'll jump right into the support question.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   6:45  
Okoye.  
Mhm.  
Yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   7:00  
As long as this number is not above 0, like they generally should be negative, it means that the new work coming in isn't exceeding the work that we have to do. This is kind of not really broken down correctly for them, but we're getting all the tickets resolved.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   7:01  
The.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   7:16  
So that's good. The team is getting the work done. But what I'm not terribly happy about, it takes eight people per ticket to resolve this one. And that's not a sustainable support model in any way, shape, or form. So that realistically should be down to maybe two people. And the number of tickets is rapidly coming down. So.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   7:31  
Mm-hmm.  
Yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   7:38  
Not happy with that, we've got 14 tickets outstanding.  
I believe.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   7:44  
Yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   7:47  
OK, have a slide on that.  
15 tickets in progress right now and those are tempering down for it. So it's good that the tickets are coming in, but we really do need to resolve that sort of support work. The problem on the support work, so the current system is working, everything is getting done. The problem on the support work is where does WBM work?  
stop doing the work and then where does it get picked up on the JWT side? I know we've always had this sort of fuzzy differentiation between the two saying if it's basic sort of IT work, WBM does it. If it's past that, JWT will pick up some of the cloud work. If it's a software piece.  
It has to be like a development piece. It has to be on the job side for it as well. The team right now works our initial resolution is to put everyone in one room and then it doesn't make a difference, right? So WBM, Connor is in each of our stand-ups. That's not a problem. They seem to be.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   8:36  
Mmh.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   8:49  
working on that way. That doesn't seem like a bad approach. But what I want to do is be able to knock off these tickets without having them, the entire team, resolve those ones. So we really do.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   8:59  
Well, and I've had the the like the benefit of being in a few of them now and I can kind of see the value because I it seems that there's still like quirkiness happening and and kind of that is it, you know, a cloud thing or is it a user thing or is it a systems thing, right? So.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   9:04  
Yeah.  
Yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   9:18  
I can see why they're kind of still at that point.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   9:23  
Yeah, and they probably will be until the full, the cloud reaches a stable point. So it's the stable forum. I think it'll eventually get there. My, what I suspect is we'll provide, WBM will handle about 70% of the tickets. These are forgot passwords.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   9:23  
Stop.  
Yeah.  
Mhm.  
Yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   10:04  
I had a talk with the John team, their heads down screaming and yelling. It was a lot of screaming and yelling matches when it comes to deciding what the support actually entails. How fast, how quick, how many people, those type of things for them. But I think that's going to get resolved very quickly for them.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   10:21  
Yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   10:25  
I don't think there's really much to action for us other than it'll just have to get resolved. The more tools we can put in their place, the better off it'll be.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   10:32  
Yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   10:35  
Back to the build one, Kim, I think you met with Virginia about looking at the, no, we did not meet with them.  
about longer term scopes and potential extension projects.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image006.jpg)**Kim Poley**   10:47  
Not yet.  
No, not yet. Andrea, our SMD, met with her managers yesterday to go over those projects and make sure that she fully understood them. And then she's going to schedule a meeting with Virginia and I to just walk through them.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   10:56  
Okoye.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image006.jpg)**Kim Poley**   11:08  
And she's going to ask Virginia for the list that you guys have of other, like the wish list, whatever it looks like, so that Andrea can kind of prioritise that list based on what she would like to see as our first steps. So.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   11:17  
Yeah.  
Okay.  
Okay, great. So Virginia will be responsible for essentially this build slide that we have is going to be broken down. And here's the prioritised list of initiatives that we're going to take on for them. And then we just start knocking them down top to bottom. What is really dependent upon our speed of getting these build ones done is the  
ability on the run side to not have eight people working on each ticket. So the more time we could free up on Bryan and Daryl's time means more features getting loaded into them. So if we focus on the run and operational piece, we can get free up a lot of those resources for them.  
we probably have enough to manage it now. Or any sort of acceleration would mean hiring on additional devs and optimising what we have now is always better than bringing on new people for it. Just roughly speaking in terms of getting the work done for it.  
Service tickets, we have about 15 in progress. Those are being tempered all down for it. Again, we talked about the support process between WBM and JOT. We need to have that sort of breakdown between them. And this just involves a little bit of practise for it. This is

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   12:40  
Mhm.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   12:44  
less of a defined sort of process and more of a, generally speaking, the practise forum. It'll probably take a little while to get that up to speed forum. The other one, we have to make sure that how both parties get paid for it, and that is under a managed portions forum.  
Other than that, teams basically working on cloud technical debt cleanup. These are things like making sure the Azure files are working on the right things, we have the right sort of workspace build for the packed environment, those type of things. The run team will essentially be responsible for a couple of KPIs. One is making sure everything is as fast as always.  
So that's the big one, so people can still do the work. The second major one that they can really impact is the cost reductions. And so their KPIs are driving down the costs, not as much making sure. So as long as it's working for everyone and nobody's getting slowed down on their work, their primary KPI will be the cost reductions form.  
So we're looking at reserved instances. This is for AVD and storage. Again, our two highest cloud spend costs are both storage and virtual machines. Virtual machines is, broadly speaking, AVD and SQL Server forum, which is all the work we do.  
So oddly enough, our most expensive process is our most important process. And then they'll have to build a plan past that for cost reductions. Reserved instances are the first easiest one to knock off. Depending on how long we want to go, you sign a one, two, three-year contract for them.  
then on a fixed level sort of compute, and then from there go ahead for it. This is not a big stretch forum. Think about it. If you were buying servers for the on-prem, that's the level that we're talking about. It's the same sort of cost certainty forum. The good news on this one is they do have  
you can reserve for a year and then just pay monthly. So you would just end up paying less per month for it as well.  
Monitoring is the big one because the KPIs, and I'll talk about those two KPIs that we'll review for these ones, are really tough to generate now. So it's tough for me to say, here's how many tickets are coming in and how much work is getting done. And most importantly, where the spend is going, because we have.  
9, 10 different subscriptions where it all funnels into one. We want to break down where that money is getting spent for them. So Datadog handles all of that. It also handles a lot of the monitoring and support portions for them.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   15:30  
Which it does come with a cost with the idea though that we don't have a human having to watch it. So.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   15:33  
It does.  
Yes. So the cost last week, I said at 900 bucks, that's, I was incorrect on that one. That's 900 bucks US and then you add tax on top of it. So we'll call that the Canadian fee.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   15:38  
Yeah.  
Yeah.  
Yeah.  
Yeah.  
Canadian thing.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   15:54  
Or it.  
So that one will come in for him. If we can get, I think you've got, do you have the, do you have the licence details for it now? I don't know if that was sent over.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   16:07  
I quickly looked at it. Ian and I kind of connected on it. I kind of looked at it. So, yeah.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   16:11  
Okay, great. It was pretty quick. I want to get it to you before you go so they can have time to install it and get that running out for it.  
Development metrics, we talked a little bit for it as well. I know you guys are really engaged with this dashboard, but it'll probably be the last week we see this one because I need to break this down now and to build and run sort of tickets. Because what we want to do is make sure that the new tickets coming in and the new work or the...  
work coming in has got this difference between building. So do we have enough tickets on the build side and do we have enough on the run side? Currently this dashboard merges both of those together. Like the sum total of all the tickets that we have here, this 15 tasks remaining, is a combination of both operational service tickets and.  
new work breakdown for them. We'll want to break those two down for them. That's how the team manages them. All that, everything goes into one pool, but we want to pull the KPIs out separately for it.  
More important metric, the current performance sitting here as well. Haven't updated the right-hand side for it. Left-hand side, it does look like we're trending up again. So this is now our second month in a row that we're trending up on the cost side forum. It's halfway through the month, so I want to  
make a big push on this one. We do know in this case the old dev environment is being spun down and a new one is coming up. So as this one is being spun down, the other one is coming up, we're paying for twice as much dev environment as it sits now. That old dev should be almost completely spun down.  
But there will be a cost since it took us five or six days to spend those two down for them. Hopefully it doesn't run up to the 1300 bucks, but we'll have to do it for it as well. So where I'm looking at for this for a KPI, this is not a good sort of reactionary measure for it. I have to manually pull in these screenshots for them.  
We are looking at this one as a projection forum, but I really want a much tighter number on this one. As in, the KPI should be responsible on a day-to-day basis to the team, so the team can see exactly how long it takes. Currently, this takes me, I don't know, it's not a huge amount, but it's an hour.  
per month, I have to have special access and it's dropped into this spreadsheet. We want the team to be able to reflect on the same KPIs that we get for it.  
Additionally, the weekly monthly projections assume that everything's linear. So they just break it down. Here's how much you spent per day, and we're just going to expend it by whatever 30 days that are remaining. We may have different sort of spikes where the cost will go up during the week and then down during the weekend type of thing for as we optimise those processes out.  
So, we'll have to work on that one.  
That about sums it up, so...  
Big takeaways from this one, we're still breaking down the work into plan, build, run forum. There's still a lot of work left on the build side on the cloud migration forum.  
So Tyler, Bryan, and Darryl, Virginia are continuing on that one, including the WBM. On the run side, we're starting to flip over into that run model. The basis for that one is we're going to need some sort of monitoring tool. Datadog does a great job. We'll walk through what that looks like afterwards, but it needs to.  
get put in place for them and working on the support model to reduce some of the load on the current team so allow them to do more work on the build side.  
Run team will continue to do some ongoing work, but their KPIs are you need to bring down the cost. Like you do work because it's justified in bringing down the cost of the cloud basis for them.  
And I want to make sure that's on track.  
Trending up again, we're going, we're pushing dangerously up into the modernised medium category forum, and I want to make sure that doesn't get us out of control.  
We're still well below the on-prem cost, but...  
More stability is always better.  
Any questions on those?  
Okay, great. Joanne, you're on vacation from...

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   21:02  
Friday.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   21:04  
to the end of time, March 2nd, was it? All right. Yeah, I think it'll be good. We may throw a couple of statement of works just to make sure that they get done for him, but...

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   21:07  
March 2nd.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   21:20  
If there is no problems, I'm just going to get everyone working on it and the paperwork stuff will sit in the background for it. We're okay. Like, it's not critical. It doesn't stop people from doing work. We want to make sure that that's the case.  
Any questions or thoughts on that?  
Grieving. And that's all I had?  
Is there anything else we should consider for it?  
All right.  
I don't see you before then. Have a good vacation.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image008.jpg)**Joanne Cousins**   21:59  
Thank you.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image010.jpg)**Ian Hedgeland**   22:00  
Perfect. Thank you. Good.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image004.jpg)**John Carpenter**   22:02  
We'll talk soon. Bye now.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image010.jpg)**Ian Hedgeland**   22:03  
Right.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image006.jpg)**Kim Poley**   22:03  
Right.

![](file:////Users/john/Library/Group%20Containers/UBF8T346G9.Office/TemporaryItems/msohtmlclip/clip_image002.jpg)**John Carpenter** stopped transcription